Impossible Lu Xuan won't lie to me
Won't lie to you
Lao Tzu and Li Le
Now he is the servant by Li Zihong's side
To find out what he can do
This is another colleague of mine.
Evidence found
Can you stop for a while?
Li Shao, my family is an ordinary family
My son is a wage earner
I didn't lie to you.
Did Xiaowei hear that?
This is my colleague.
Evidence obtained personally from his mother's mouth
Then he is not the rich second generation
Then where did he get so much money?
Well, I can explain that.
He is a liar
He not only lied to the blue patrolman
He also lied to Lin Yuner
He got all that money by fraud.
Sister, I advise you
Don't waste time with this crap
Only someone as outstanding as the emperor
To deserve you
The woman who will be emperor with me
Prosperity and wealth are endless
Oh, right.
You can also come together
Do you think we are as stupid as you?
I don't know good or bad
I hope you can continue to do this for a while
Miss Li is willing to talk to the emperor
We are the emperor together
Can we still be together?
You really can't
I'll help you teach this a lesson today.
Brother Fei, you are so kind
Hey
Humph
How does it feel to have your Muse leave you again?
I don't care how he feels
Indeed, you now have Miss Jiang
I don't feel anything, I said it in the end
But I have good news for you.
He will also leave you today
Ah come up